Create design pattern documentation (#3116)
obophenotype/uberon: docs/uberon-editor-sop.md

Compare the previous example to “EC layer 1”, which should be a _related_ synonym (with synonym type "abbreviation") of 'entorhinal cortex layer 1', where there is not enough context to confidently determine what "EC" stands for.

## Design Pattern Usage with DOSDP

The Uberon ontology is composed of a large number of terms, classifications and relationships, which continue to increase. As maintaining manually all these classifications and relationships would be an arduous task, a substantial portion of the maintenance is automated. This automation depends, to a significant extent, on the systematic application of design patterns.

Uberon uses **Dead simple OWL design patterns** (DOSDP, [Osumi-Sutherland *et al.*, 2017](https://doi.org/10.1186/s13326-017-0126-0)) to document simple patterns, as they require minimal programming expertise, and once implemented, it is easy to edit.

All patterns are stored in [/src/patterns/dosdp-patterns](https://github.com/obophenotype/uberon/tree/master/src/patterns/dosdp-patterns), while the editable tables are located in [/src/patterns/data/default](https://github.com/obophenotype/uberon/tree/master/src/patterns/data/default).

> The purpose of this document is to describe the existing patterns to make them more accessible to the users.

Reviewer: This sentence sets an expectation that all patterns in https://github.com/obophenotype/uberon/tree/master/src/patterns/dosdp-patterns will be described in this document.
Only one pattern is described below (vessel_connecting_branch_of_vessel_pattern.yaml), and that does not appear in the dosdp-patterns directory.

### Connecting vessels
 Pattern name: vessel_connecting_branch_of_vessel_pattern.yaml

> Blood and lymphatic vessels are tubes that convey body fluids through the tissues and organs, forming branching or networked structures. The relation between a vessel and its branches can be recorded in many multiple ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blood and lymphatic vessels are tubes that convey body fluids through the tissues and organs, forming branching or networked structures. The relation between a vessel and its branches can be recorded in several ways:
```

- [RO:0002375](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002375) in branching relationship with
    - [RO:0002252](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002252) connecting branch of
    - [RO:0002253](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002253) has connecting branch
    - [RO:0002377](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002377) distributary of
        - [RO:0002378](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002378) anabranch of
    - [RO:0002380](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002380) branching part of
    - [RO:0002381](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002381) main stem of
    - [RO:0002569](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002569) has branching part

> However, while it is useful to have this wide range of object properties to record relations between branches, it can also lead to misuse. A clear example is the misuse of 'branching part of', which is a subclass of 'part of', but it has been used extensively for branches that are no longer part of the stem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, while it is useful to have this wide range of object properties to record relations between branches, it can also lead to selecting a property that does not accurately reflect the relationship between subject and object. An example of this is the misuse of '[branching part of](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002380)', which is a subclass of 'part of', but it has been used extensively for branches that are no longer part of the stem.
```
